Go ahead, what did you say?
I said, this project must be something that involves alleviating concerns.
I'm sorry if the care and concern are not there.
Come on, stop joking, are our shareholders okay?
At first, I thought you were out of sympathy and gave it to you.
What did you count?
Shu Lao Taijun, I am not capable of this project.
Just keep going. If we can't talk,
A little more then.
Please stay if you move forward, move forward,
We are equal partners in this project,
Cooperate first.
This means that even though your former boss had this attitude,
I'm not strong enough to be a director
Say you made a decision
It’s not what your Su family thinks
Go to these three Nings
I, Beichen Group, can’t afford it
I got out of your Su family again
No other company is willing to provide these three Ning products
This is obvious to everyone.
We at Beichen Group are here to send you money.
Otherwise, watch this movie
The former president is really
Jie Chong, our sister Su
Let’s talk about the gift again
Otherwise, why not take care of things?
You have nothing else to do
On a personal matter
There are still many companies that are robbing people and asking for these 300 million yuan.
I don't think they want more
Extremely excited about this
Talk about the granny area
Hello, let me think about it